សូមរីករាយជាមួយចំណង់អាហាររបស់អ្នក ភាពអស្ចារ្យរបស់អ្នក។
I see you here.
What has she been doing for so long?
Everyone.
We have to go and tell him.
Or she will die!
But the king lost consciousness.
This is beyond what we can do.
We should not participate reluctantly.
That's how
the former royal chef met his end.
They will make up crimes
she didn't commit if they have to.
So you're saying
we should just sit back and do nothing?
How can you all be like this?
If you just sit here and do nothing.
I will go by myself.
I will go and see him.
No
You are here.
I will go.
ឃុក ម៉ាង។
ឃុក ម៉ាង…
Well, maybe I am too.
I will come too.
No, I will lead the way.
Let us try.
Yes, I will join too.
- Eunuch Yun.
- Hello.
Ahn Yoon!
- I miss our...
- What happened?
Our miss is...
How happy will she be?
When did she see this?
ហ្គោកូ
I can't wait to see her face.
If she jumped into my arms like last time...
Thank you very much!
I believe this is the position.
This time
I will not fall.
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty.
Yes.
- Is she here?
- Royal chef
Were tortured and imprisoned.
Royal chef being tortured?
What on earth are you saying?
Prince Jinmyeong
is about to die.
Jinmyeong?
He fell ill after eating
the royal chef's chicken rice.
So the Queen Dowager was very angry.
She questioned
the king's chef himself.
Then they arrested her and put her in prison.
- Your Majesty!
Cook Yeon ។
Open the door immediately.
With great respect...
How dare you?
Open the door now!
I wish I could,
but the Father took the key.
What did you say?